what's up YouTube we're here again
hunting today is March 30th no 29th 29th
March 29th my bad we're at cachet Creek
I think it's backwards on the camera but
whatever we are here with little guys
Josiah we got Kris and uncle Nate say
what's up Nate are you doing all right
guys it's seven o'clock uh 7:30 my bad
we're about to head up we just got here
I'm gonna go about two miles we'll check
back with you and let you know how it
goes hello youtubers we're back
it's 8:30 9 o'clock we made it down over
the hill and through the snow through
grandfather's house we go and we set up
camp down at the at the river at the
creek there's one one small fry so and
then we've got the rest of the gang over
there our fire going got more soup you
know me and my soup love me in my soup
anyway getting get up at 5:00 in the
morning and find ourselves something to
shoot at finally maybe a turkey cause
it's turkey season today and maybe a pig
so we'll check back with you later
good morning youtubers we are back and
Josie is uglier than ever just kidding
it is 8:14 and we've been hiking for
about an hour and a half and we are at
the very top of whatever mountain we're
climbing I don't know which one it is
looking for some wild boar there's
nothing right now so far that we've seen
we've seen a rapid of a deer trail again
deer tracks fresh we can tell because it
rained
and the soil is a little moist so they
leave me a nice fresh tracks and nice
fresh droppings so we still got about
mmm gonna say 8 hours roughly of walking
and tracking hoping to find something
but we're gonna take a little break
break right now and we'll get back
it's all cars over there
yep
remember just try to step where I'm
stepping okay no you're still facing you
should be facing the other way
what's up guys we're back and holy
mackerel we got Uncle Nate he's tired we
just climbed hope that thing doesn't
look like much but it's pretty tall and
one of our partners is completely soaked
because he fell waist-deep in the water
Chris made it just fine good job Chris
anyway so far no bore we haven't found
anything right now
tracks only damn tracks but nothing else
so we're gonna keep at it I did take
some nice pictures of this thing down
here it was super nice I totally enjoyed
that but uh let me show you what it
looks like super cool down there
very very nice place to be if you want
to sightsee because there's no bore
sorry guys
not yet we'll hopefully get some here
soon
I think there's elk up here or it was
cuz there's some major droppings what
they go here I'll show ya woohoo check
out the size of those pellets alright
well we're gonna keep on going it's
about 10 43 we'll check back with you
see where we're at
see what we're doing if anybody else is
falling in the water all right we'll be
back